I know to her
I know
I know what to show what do I know
and I know where to turn
the one
to
the world is
oh it's so good together but a job you
tell on him I tell you that Oh beautiful
okay
Bruno starts off Mooji dangerous the
wings of Darkness you were tonight it
had that kind of sense of danger you
were very well with Camila always
gorgeous you did a great job on it yeah
I couldn't agree more
I'll be with Bruno really surprised me
because it is very slow you know and it
was really you held Hashem and Craig's
not surprised easily
I wouldn't think I don't know but I
wouldn't think right Ali
well Argentine tango is known as the
people's dance and I think you are going
to make people want to get up and study
that dancer
lucky what about lady
smiley no given it must be hard sitting
back there and just seeing someone come
on and get Forte yes and then you've got
to understand before you came out you
held
everyone's attention you give it great
atmosphere a lot of guts that's where he
takes guts okay and that's a lovely
dress I used to have a lamp sage or you
are all my favorite
creig Revel Horwood nine
Tonioli
Hey
9:36 uh cuz there's a high-five